[mini-PR] Flag to diable all diagnostics. (#1427)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/running_cpp/parameters.rst

This should be changed in the future.
In-situ capabilities can be used by turning on Sensei or Ascent (provided they are installed) through the output format, see below.

* ``diagnostics.enable`` (`0` or `1`, optional, default `1`)

>     Whether to enable or disable diagnostics. This flag Will over-ride all other diagnostics input parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Whether to enable or disable diagnostics. This flag overwrites all other diagnostics input parameters.
```
